feat(doc/quick_start): a new Quick Start doc (#338)
MCDReforged/MCDReforged: docs/source/quick_start/install.rst

Installation
============

For the first step of our journey, let's install MCDR

.. note::

    We assume you have some really basic knowledge of Python and pip.

    If you have not, Google is your friend

Requirements
------------

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/mcdreforged.svg
   :alt: Python version

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/mcdreforged.svg
   :alt: PyPI version

MCDR is written and runs in Python 3. Make sure you have Python 3.8 or later installed

The detailed Python version requirements are as shown in the table below

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - MCDR version
     - Python requirement
   * - < 2.10
     - >= 3.6
   * - >= 2.10
     - >= 3.8

Install using pip...?
----------------------

MCDR is available in `PyPI <https://pypi.org/project/mcdreforged>`__, which means it can be installed via the ``pip`` command:

.. code-block:: bash

>     pip install mcdreforged

Reviewer: A note on `pip3` will be better, cuz `pip` might link to `pip2`

Externally managed environment

> ------------------------------

Reviewer: A summary table for all described installing methods (pip, pipx, venv, docker, system package) will be nice to have

Example pros and cons:

| method          | pros                        | cons                                  |
|-----------------|-------------------------------|---------------------------------------|
| pip             | Native, always available      | May affect global packages with root  |
| pipx            | Easy usage                 | Different command set from pip        |
| venv            | Native support                | Requires manual environment activation       |
| docker          | Reliable across environments       | Needs more dependencies and disk space   |
| system package  | none                          | Not recommended                       |

If you're using Windows, the command above should work fine, MCDR will be installed to global environment - you may ignore this section

> However, on Linux and Mac OS, if you're using a newer version of Python, you'll get something like this when you run pip install:

Reviewer: Not all Linux distros have the described behavior. e.g. you can still use `pip` to manage system package on RHEL 9

.. code-block:: bash
    
    $ pip install mcdreforged
    error: externally-managed-environment

>     × This environment is externally managed

Reviewer: This output only exists in a few unix distros, and is a bit too long to be put here. I'll suggest to replace it with explaination + pep link instead, e.g.

```rst
For Linux and Mac OS, it's not recommended to install MCDR system-wide
because it can cause conflicts with other Python packages and affect system dependencies. 
Installing it this way also makes version management difficult 
and requires administrator privileges, increasing security risks.
Using a virtual environment etc. is safer as it keeps the installation isolated to specific projects

See `PEP 668 <https://peps.python.org/pep-0668/>`__ for the detailed specification
```

        
        See /usr/share/doc/python3.x/README.venv for more information.

    note: If you believe this is a mistake, please contact your Python installation or OS distribution provider. You can override this, at the risk of breaking your Python installation or OS, by passing --break-system-packages.
    hint: See PEP 668 for the detailed specification.

That's because of the `PEP 668 <https://peps.python.org/pep-0668/>`__, which was introduced to avoid pip conflicts with the system package manager (apt, yum, pacman, etc.)

As workarounds, there're multiple options for you

Using pipx
~~~~~~~~~~

Maybe the simplest solution for most users, but requires to use the third-party tool `pipx <https://pipx.pypa.io/>`__, which is designed to installing and running Python applications in isolated environments

Install pipx refer to its `official documentation <https://pipx.pypa.io/stable/#install-pipx>`__

Then install MCDR using pipx:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ pipx install mcdreforged

When a new version of MCDR available, you may take the upgrade by:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ pipx upgrade mcdreforged

.. asciinema:: resources/pipx.cast
    :rows: 8

|

.. note::

>     In this way, MCDR will be installed in an isolated environment. Python packages required by MCDR plugins should be installed by:

Reviewer: Append a "instead of `pip install xxx`" here, so readers know what the `should be` compares to

```rst
Python packages required by MCDR plugins should be installed by, instead of ``pip install <package_name>``
```

    * ``pipx inject mcdreforged <package_name>``
    * or ``pipx inject mcdreforged -r requirements.txt``
    
    More conveniently, use the :ref:`\!!MCDR plg command <command/mcdr:Plugin management>` to install plugins with their dependencies

Using virtual environment
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For the most native, but more complicated option, you can create a virtual environment and install MCDR in it

Create a virtual environment, ``.venv`` for example, by:

.. code-block:: bash

>     $ python3 -m venv .venv

Reviewer: `venv` will be a better than `.venv`, cuz the `.` prefix is meaningless in windows. Also, hidden path might be confusing since it won't be listed in `ls -l`

Activate it by: (`Reference <https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html#how-venvs-work>`__)

+----------+------------+-----------------------------------------+
| Platform | Shell      | Command to activate virtual environment |
+==========+============+=========================================+
|  POSIX   | bash/zsh   | $ source .venv/bin/activate             |
+          +------------+-----------------------------------------+
|          | fish       | $ source .venv/bin/activate.fish        |
+          +------------+-----------------------------------------+
|          | csh/tcsh   | $ source .venv/bin/activate.csh         |
+          +------------+-----------------------------------------+
|          | PowerShell | $ .venv/bin/Activate.ps1                |
+----------+------------+-----------------------------------------+
| Windows  | cmd.exe    | > .venv\\Scripts\\activate.bat          |
+          +------------+-----------------------------------------+
|          | PowerShell | PS > .venv\\Scripts\\Activate.ps1       |
+----------+------------+-----------------------------------------+

Then, install MCDR using pip:

.. code-block:: bash

>     (.venv) $ pip install mcdreforged

Reviewer: A lot of `.venv` need to be replaced with `venv`

Installation
============

For the first step of our journey, let's install MCDR

.. note::

    We assume you have some really basic knowledge of Python and pip.

    If you have not, Google is your friend

Requirements
------------

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/mcdreforged.svg
   :alt: Python version

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/mcdreforged.svg
   :alt: PyPI version

MCDR is written and runs in Python 3. Make sure you have Python 3.8 or later with pip3 installed

The detailed Python version requirements are as shown in the table below

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - MCDR version
     - Python requirement
   * - < 2.10
     - >= 3.6
   * - >= 2.10
     - >= 3.8

Install using pip
-----------------

MCDR is available in `PyPI <https://pypi.org/project/mcdreforged>`__, it can reasonably be installed via the ``pip`` command:

.. tab:: Windows

    .. code-block:: bat

        pip install mcdreforged

.. tab:: Linux

    .. code-block:: bash

        pip3 install mcdreforged

> 

Reviewer: The upgrade command is missing (`pip install mcdreforged -U`)

Externally managed environment
------------------------------

If you're using Windows, the command above should work fine, MCDR will be installed to global environment - you may ignore this section

For Linux and Mac OS, it's not recommended to install MCDR system-wide, because it can cause conflicts with other Python packages and affect system dependencies

System-wide install also makes version management difficult 
and requires administrator privileges, increasing security risks

For the same reason, you may get a ``externally-managed-environment`` error on pip install

See `PEP 668 <https://peps.python.org/pep-0668/>`__ for the detailed specification

It's safer to keep the installation isolated. As workarounds, there're multiple options for you. For a conclusion:

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Method
      - Pros
      - Cons
    * - pip
      - Native, always available

>       - Not isolated, may affect global packages, requires admin privilege

Reviewer: pip does not always require admin privilege. You can let pip install package to user-side (e.g. `~/.local/` in linux)

e.g., in RHEL 9, with the python 3.9 provided by the OS, when running `pip` with non-root user, you will get:

```
$ pip3 install wcwidth
Defaulting to user installation because normal site-packages is not writeable
Collecting wcwidth
  Downloading wcwidth-0.2.13-py2.py3-none-any.whl (34 kB)
Installing collected packages: wcwidth
```

The package will be automatically installed to `~/.local/`, no admin privilege is required

+          +------------+-----------------------------------------+
|          | PowerShell | $ venv/bin/Activate.ps1                 |
+----------+------------+-----------------------------------------+
| Windows  | cmd.exe    | > venv\\Scripts\\activate.bat           |
+          +------------+-----------------------------------------+
|          | PowerShell | PS > venv\\Scripts\\Activate.ps1        |
+----------+------------+-----------------------------------------+

Then, install MCDR using pip:

.. code-block:: bash

    (venv) $ pip install mcdreforged

When a new version of MCDR available, you may upgrade MCDR by:

.. code-block:: bash

    (venv) $ pip install mcdreforged -U

An animated demo with bash:

.. asciinema:: resources/venv.cast
    :rows: 10

|

.. note::

    In this way, you must activate the virtual environment every time you want to use MCDR, or install packages for MCDR plugins

.. seealso ::

    Python Doc: `How venvs work <https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html#how-venvs-work>`__

Using Docker
~~~~~~~~~~~~

MCDR also provides Docker images as an option. See :doc:`/docker` for more details

> Specify MCDR version by specify the tag of Docker image. If you use ``latest``, MCDR should always being up to date

Reviewer: You need to pull the image to keep the local ``latest`` image up-to-date

Author: seems that github copilot is still not versatile enough

Compared to the two methods above, Docker has a more convoluted learning path, but convenient for some advanced usages

System package manager
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You may found MCDR in some package repositories, AUR for example. However, it's **definately not recommended** to use a system package manager to install MCDR. Not only it has all the same problem as the system-wide pip install, it's also hard to manage the dependencies of MCDR plugins

Accelerate the installation
---------------------------

> For users in some areas, ``pip`` and ``pipx`` may be very slow. You can use a mirror to accelerate the installation. Here's an example with 

Reviewer: Just say `in China` instead of `in some areas`. You already provided a pypi mirror for China users

Also, "``pip`` and ``pipx`` may be very slow" is confusing. It's the network / download speed that is very slow

> Tsinghua University TUNA mirror:

Reviewer: A link to the tuna mirror will be nice to have

https://mirrors.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/help/pypi/

Installation
============

For the first step of our journey, let's install MCDR

.. note::

    We assume you have some really basic knowledge of Python and pip.

    If you have not, Google is your friend

Requirements
------------

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/mcdreforged.svg
   :alt: Python version

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/mcdreforged.svg
   :alt: PyPI version

MCDR is written and runs in Python 3. Make sure you have Python 3.8 or later with pip3 installed

The detailed Python version requirements are as shown in the table below

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - MCDR version
     - Python requirement
   * - < 2.10
     - >= 3.6
   * - >= 2.10
     - >= 3.8

Wait a second
-------------

> In some "tutorials", you may learned to use MCDR by downloading a zip from Github and extract it

Reviewer: Those "tutorials" might just be outdated tutorials, and are still a tutorials. They are just outdated

However, that's not the actual way to install MCDR - Those tutorials are outdated

.. caution::

    **DO NOT** download the source files of MCDR and execute them directly, unless you're a developer of MCDR and you know what you are doing

Install using pip
-----------------

MCDR is available in `PyPI <https://pypi.org/project/mcdreforged>`__, it's reasonably to be installed by:

.. tab:: Windows

    .. code-block:: bat

        pip install mcdreforged

.. tab:: Linux

    .. code-block:: bash

        pip3 install mcdreforged

And upgraded by:

.. tab:: Windows

    .. code-block:: bat

        pip install mcdreforged -U

.. tab:: Linux

    .. code-block:: bash

        pip3 install mcdreforged -U

Verify the installation with:

.. prompt-mcdr-version:: bash $ auto

    $ mcdreforged
    MCDReforged v@@MCDR_VERSION@@

Externally managed environment
------------------------------

If you're using Windows, the command above should work fine, MCDR will be installed to global environment - you may ignore this section

> For Linux and Mac OS, it's not recommended to install MCDR system-wide, because it can cause conflicts with other Python packages and affect system dependencies

Reviewer: User might not know what "system-wide" is. You can say "use root to install MCDR"

System-wide install also makes version management difficult 
and requires administrator privileges, increasing security risks

> For the same reason, you may get a ``externally-managed-environment`` error on pip install

Reviewer: "For the same reason", the word "same" is confusing. Just make it clear

```rst
In some OS, using pip to install python package into system site with root might even result in an ``externally-managed-environment`` error
```

      - Not isolated, may affect global packages with root privileges
    * - pipx
      - Simplest
      - 3rd party, different command set
    * - venv
      - Native support
      - Requires manual environment activation
    * - docker
      - Reliable across environments
      - More dependencies and disk space, convoluted learning path
    * - system package
      - \-
      - Same as pip, **not recommended**

Using pipx
~~~~~~~~~~

Maybe the simplest solution for most users, but requires to use the third-party tool `pipx <https://pipx.pypa.io/>`__, which is designed to installing and running Python applications in isolated environments

Install pipx refer to its `official documentation <https://pipx.pypa.io/stable/#install-pipx>`__

Then install MCDR using pipx:

.. prompt:: bash

    pipx install mcdreforged

When a new version of MCDR available, you may take the upgrade by:

.. prompt:: bash

    pipx upgrade mcdreforged

.. asciinema:: resources/pipx.cast
    :rows: 8

|

.. note::

    In this way, MCDR will be installed in an isolated environment. Instead of ``pip install <package_name>``, Python packages required by MCDR plugins should be installed by:

>     * ``pipx inject mcdreforged <package_name>``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * ``pipx inject mcdreforged <package_name>``, e.g. ``pipx inject mcdreforged requests``
```

    * or ``pipx inject mcdreforged -r requirements.txt``
    
    More conveniently, use the :ref:`\!!MCDR plg command <command/mcdr:Plugin management>` to install plugins with their dependencies

Using virtual environment
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For the most native, but more complicated option, you can create a virtual environment and install MCDR in it

Create a virtual environment by:

.. prompt:: bash

    python3 -m venv <venv directory>

``venv`` for example:

.. prompt:: bash

    python3 -m venv venv

Activate it by:

+----------+------------+-----------------------------------------+

> | Platform | Shell      | Command to activate virtual environment |

Reviewer: If the table is copied from https://docs.python.org/zh-cn/3/library/venv.html#how-venvs-work, I'll suggest to leave a reference to that

Author: there is one in `seealso` block below

Reviewer: I know, but the seealso block below is not strongly connected to this table. The user might think that the seealso block only provides more detailed information on this, and still won't realize the source of this table

+==========+============+=========================================+

> |  POSIX   | bash/zsh   | $ source venv/bin/activate              |

Reviewer: Remove the leading `$` to avoid the user from copying the `$` symbol, same for below

An animated demo with bash:

.. asciinema:: resources/venv.cast
    :rows: 10

|

.. note::

    In this way, you must activate the virtual environment every time you want to use MCDR, or install packages for MCDR plugins

.. seealso ::

    Python Doc: `How venvs work <https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html#how-venvs-work>`__

Using Docker
~~~~~~~~~~~~

MCDR also provides Docker images as an option. See :doc:`/docker` for more details

Specify MCDR version by the tag of Docker image

Compared to the two methods above, Docker has a more convoluted learning path, but convenient for some advanced usages

System package manager
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You may found MCDR in some package repositories, AUR for example. However, it's **definately not recommended** to use a system package manager to install MCDR. Not only it has all the same problem as the system-wide pip install, it's also hard to manage the dependencies of MCDR plugins

Accelerate the installation
---------------------------

For users in China, you may use a mirror to accelerate ``pip`` and ``pipx``. Here's an example with 
`Tsinghua University TUNA mirror <https://mirrors.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/help/pypi/>`__:

> 

Reviewer: imo, just point out that you need to add a `-i https://pypi.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/simple` to the package installation command. User might not get what your example want to express

Author: ```rst
Let's use `Tsinghua University TUNA mirror <https://mirrors.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/help/pypi/>`__ for example
```
sounds better

Reviewer: The changes still does not express what's the key difference when using the pip mirror  -- the `-i xxxx` argument

Installation
============

For the first step of our journey, let's install MCDR

.. note::

    We assume you have some really basic knowledge of Python and pip.

    If you have not, Google is your friend

Requirements
------------

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/mcdreforged.svg
   :alt: Python version

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/mcdreforged.svg
   :alt: PyPI version

> MCDR is written and runs in Python 3. Make sure you have Python 3.8 or later with pip3 installed

Reviewer: `pip3` is not the name of the tool

```suggestion
MCDR is written and runs in Python 3. Make sure you have Python 3.8 or later, with pip installed
```

The detailed Python version requirements are as shown in the table below

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - MCDR version
     - Python requirement
   * - < 2.10
     - >= 3.6
   * - >= 2.10
     - >= 3.8

Wait a second
-------------

In some tutorials, you may learned to use MCDR by downloading a zip from Github and extract it

> However, that's not the actual way to install MCDR - Those tutorials are outdated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, that's not the correct way to install MCDR - Those tutorials are outdated
```

.. caution::

    **DO NOT** download the source files of MCDR and execute them directly, unless you're a developer of MCDR and you know what you are doing

Install using pip
-----------------

MCDR is available in `PyPI <https://pypi.org/project/mcdreforged>`__, it's reasonably to be installed by:

.. tab:: Windows

    .. code-block:: bat

        pip install mcdreforged

.. tab:: Linux

    .. code-block:: bash

        pip3 install mcdreforged

And upgraded by:

.. tab:: Windows

    .. code-block:: bat

        pip install mcdreforged -U

.. tab:: Linux

    .. code-block:: bash

        pip3 install mcdreforged -U

Verify the installation with:

.. prompt-mcdr-version:: bash $ auto

    $ mcdreforged
    MCDReforged v@@MCDR_VERSION@@

Externally managed environment
------------------------------

> If you're using Windows, the command above should work fine, MCDR will be installed to global environment - you may ignore this section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using Windows, the command above should work fine, and MCDR will be installed to the global environment - you may ignore this section
```

For Linux and Mac OS, it's not recommended to install MCDR system-wide (with root), because it can cause conflicts with other Python packages and affect system dependencies

> System-wide install also makes version management difficult 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
System-wide installation also makes version management difficult 
```

and requires administrator privileges, increasing security risks

> System-wide install may even result in an ``externally-managed-environment`` error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
System-wide installation may even result in an ``externally-managed-environment`` error
```

See `PEP 668 <https://peps.python.org/pep-0668/>`__ for the detailed specification

> It's safer to keep the installation isolated. As workarounds, there're multiple options for you. For a conclusion:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's safer to keep the installation isolated. As workarounds, there're multiple options for you. In conclusion:
```

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Method
      - Pros
      - Cons
    * - pip
      - Native, always available
      - Not isolated, may affect global packages with root privileges
    * - pipx
      - Simplest
      - 3rd party, different command set
    * - venv
      - Native support
      - Requires manual environment activation
    * - docker
      - Reliable across environments
      - More dependencies and disk space, convoluted learning path
    * - system package
      - \-
      - Same as pip, **not recommended**

Using pipx
~~~~~~~~~~

> Maybe the simplest solution for most users, but requires to use the third-party tool `pipx <https://pipx.pypa.io/>`__, which is designed to installing and running Python applications in isolated environments

Reviewer: Missing subject

```suggestion
It may be the simplest solution for most users, but it requires using the third-party tool `pipx <https://pipx.pypa.io/>`__, which is designed for installing and running Python applications in isolated environments
```

> Install pipx refer to its `official documentation <https://pipx.pypa.io/stable/#install-pipx>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install pipx, please refer to its official documentation <https://pipx.pypa.io/stable/#install-pipx>__
```

> Then install MCDR using pipx:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you can install MCDR using pipx:
```

.. prompt:: bash

    pipx install mcdreforged

> When a new version of MCDR available, you may take the upgrade by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a new version of MCDR is available, you can upgrade by:
```

.. prompt:: bash

    pipx upgrade mcdreforged

.. asciinema:: resources/pipx.cast
    :rows: 8

|

.. note::

>     In this way, MCDR will be installed in an isolated environment. Instead of ``pip install <package_name>``, Python packages required by MCDR plugins should be installed by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In this way, MCDR will be installed in an isolated environment. Instead of using ``pip install <package_name>``, Python packages required by MCDR plugins should be installed by:
```

    * ``pipx inject mcdreforged <package_name>``, e.g. ``pipx inject mcdreforged requests``
    * or ``pipx inject mcdreforged -r requirements.txt``
    

>     More conveniently, use the :ref:`\!!MCDR plg command <command/mcdr:Plugin management>` to install plugins with their dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    More conveniently, you can use the :ref:`\!!MCDR plg command <command/mcdr:Plugin management>` to install plugins with their dependencies
```

| Platform | Shell      | Command to activate virtual environment |
+==========+============+=========================================+
|  POSIX   | bash/zsh   | source venv/bin/activate                |
+          +------------+-----------------------------------------+
|          | fish       | source venv/bin/activate.fish           |
+          +------------+-----------------------------------------+
|          | csh/tcsh   | source venv/bin/activate.csh            |
+          +------------+-----------------------------------------+
|          | PowerShell | venv/bin/Activate.ps1                   |
+----------+------------+-----------------------------------------+
| Windows  | cmd.exe    | venv\\Scripts\\activate.bat             |
+          +------------+-----------------------------------------+
|          | PowerShell | venv\\Scripts\\Activate.ps1             |
+----------+------------+-----------------------------------------+

.. seealso ::

    Python Doc: `How venvs work <https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html#how-venvs-work>`__

Then, install MCDR using pip:

.. prompt:: bash
    :prompts: (venv) $

    pip install mcdreforged

> When a new version of MCDR available, you may upgrade MCDR by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a new version of MCDR is available, you can upgrade MCDR by:
```

.. prompt:: bash
    :prompts: (venv) $

    pip install mcdreforged -U

An animated demo with bash:

.. asciinema:: resources/venv.cast
    :rows: 10

|

.. note::

    In this way, you must activate the virtual environment every time you want to use MCDR, or install packages for MCDR plugins

    For more information, see `venv <https://docs.python.org/en/3/library/venv.html>`__ in Python Doc

Using Docker
~~~~~~~~~~~~

MCDR also provides Docker images as an option. See :doc:`/docker` for more details

> Specify MCDR version by the tag of Docker image

Reviewer: Add missing subject. It's not some kind of "steps" here

```suggestion
You can specify the version of MCDR by the tag of Docker image
```

> Compared to the two methods above, Docker has a more convoluted learning path, but convenient for some advanced usages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compared to the two methods above, Docker has a more convoluted learning path, but is more convenient for some advanced usages
```

System package manager
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> You may found MCDR in some package repositories, AUR for example. However, it's **definately not recommended** to use a system package manager to install MCDR. Not only it has all the same problem as the system-wide pip install, it's also hard to manage the dependencies of MCDR plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may find MCDR in some system package repositories, AUR for example. However, it's **definitely not recommended** to use a system package manager to install MCDR. Not only does it have all the same problems as system-wide pip installation, but it's also hard to manage the dependencies of MCDR plugins
```

Accelerate the installation
---------------------------

> For users in China, you may use a mirror, `Tsinghua University TUNA mirror <https://mirrors.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/help/pypi/>`__ for example, to accelerate ``pip`` and ``pipx``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For users in China, you may use a pypi mirror, `Tsinghua University TUNA mirror <https://mirrors.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/help/pypi/>`__ for example, to accelerate ``pip`` and ``pipx``
```

> To use the mirror, ``-i <index-url>`` to the commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the pip mirror, add ``-i <index-url>`` to the commands:
```
